feat: Oracle exporter can scrape more than one DB (#6008)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/prometheus/prometheus.exporter.oracledb.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _`<DB_USERNAME>`_: The database username
- _`<DB_PASSWORD>`_: The password for the database user
```

Reviewer: The suggestion doesn't look right... you should remove the last 3 lines in this replace section since they aren't applicable to this specific example.

Author: I'm not sure what you mean. The last 3 lines are the arguments for the remote write. Should the remote write component not be included in the example? Or are you saying it should be included but without these `<>` arguments?

Reviewer: The multi-database example only uses 2 replaceable variables,  `<DB_USERNAME>` and `<DB_PASSWORD>`. That's all we should include in the `Replace the following` section. The suggestion is formatted weirdly though... at least on my side it is.

or we add the remote write part to this example as well?

Author: Thanks, I see what you mean now. I updated the PR to only have the multi-database example. Since the other arguments are deprecated, it'd be better not to draw attention to them. Is this ok?

Reviewer: That makes a lot more sense :-)

# `prometheus.exporter.oracledb`

The `prometheus.exporter.oracledb` component embeds

> [`oracledb_exporter`](https://github.com/oracle/oracle-db-appdev-monitoring) for collecting statistics from one or more  OracleDB servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`oracledb_exporter`](https://github.com/oracle/oracle-db-appdev-monitoring) for collecting statistics from one or more OracleDB servers.
```

{{< admonition type="warning" >}}
Running more than one `prometheus.exporter.oracledb` component in the same Alloy process is not recommended.

> Prefer a single component with multiple `database` blocks if you need to scrape more than one database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't run more than one `prometheus.exporter.oracledb` component in the same {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} process.
Configure one component with multiple `database` blocks when you scrape more than one database.
```

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
You must also provide Oracle Instant Client Basic when you run {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} in Docker or Kubernetes.
The `prometheus.exporter.oracledb` component relies on Oracle Instant Client libraries that are available in the container image or host environment.

> If you are running on a Mac ARM platform you must set the variable `DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH` to the location of where the instant client installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For macOS on Apple silicon, set `DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH` to the directory where you installed the Oracle Instant Client libraries.
```

| `custom_metrics`    | `list(string)` | The paths to the custom metrics files. (TOML format)           |         | no       |
| `default_metrics`   | `string`       | The path to the default metrics file. (TOML format)            |         | no       |
| `max_idle_conns`    | `int`          | Number of maximum idle connections in the connection pool.     | `0`     | no       |
| `max_open_conns`    | `int`          | Number of maximum open connections in the connection pool.     | `10`    | no       |
| `password`          | `secret`       | (Deprecated) The password to use for authentication to the Oracle Database. |         | no       |
| `query_timeout`     | `int`          | The query timeout in seconds.                                  | `5`     | no       |
| `username`          | `string`       | (Deprecated) The username to use for authentication to the Oracle Database. |         | no       |

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
The top-level `connection_string`, `username` and `password` arguments are deprecated. Use the `database` block instead.

When you use the deprecated top-level configuration (no `database` blocks), the `connection_string` argument is required. 

> If that URL does not embed a username and password, the deprecated top-level `username` and `password` arguments apply to that single target only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you keep the deprecated top-level configuration and omit `database` blocks, you must set `connection_string`.
If the URL doesn't embed a username and password, set the deprecated top-level `username` and `password` arguments for that target only.
```

host:port/service_name[?OPTION1=VALUE1[&OPTIONn=VALUEn]...]
```

### Multiple databases

To scrape several databases from one component, define one or more `database` blocks instead of using `connection_string` at the top level.
You must not set both `connection_string` and `database` blocks.

> The `name` argument is the database name used by the exporter (for example as the `database` label on metrics). Each block supports the same connection string rules as the top-level `connection_string`, including optional per-block `username` and `password`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you scrape several databases from one component, define one or more `database` blocks instead of a top-level `connection_string`.
You must not set both `connection_string` and `database` blocks.

The exporter uses the `name` argument as the database name in metrics, for example in the `database` label.
Each block supports the same connection string rules as the top-level `connection_string`, with optional per-block `username` and `password`.
```

}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Replace the following:

- _`<DB_USERNAME>`_: The database username
- _`<DB_PASSWORD>`_: The password for the database user
- _`<PROMETHEUS_REMOTE_WRITE_URL>`_: The URL of the Prometheus `remote_write` compatible server to send metrics to.
- _`<USERNAME>`_: The username to use for authentication to the `remote_write` API.
- _`<PASSWORD>`_: The password to use for authentication to the `remote_write` API.
- 

```
